no animals or humans were harmed during
the following preview not even the fake
ones honest are you going to the prom
together oh you're gonna go with like a
bunch of people or yeah
you want like a designated driver no no
you need we could go together
why do when I was 16 years old it was
definitely love not marry again
he pushes the last for 13 years right
couldn't help everything oh that's fine
and he couldn't explain it you asked me
to follow around your girl and I did and
then the truth is I we started to like
her because there's something about Mary
she's still [ __ ] Marian she's a fox
morning guy can play 36 holes and still
have enough energy take me and my
brother to a ball game
too bad you don't live your tip 20th
Century Fox presents
nobody is this poor or simply a lot to
give one little pooch he doesn't like
anybody never usually like guys a new
comedy my boy from the Farrelly Brothers
directors of Dumb and Dumber in kingpin
Cameron Diaz Matt Dillon Ben Stiller
there's something about Mary are you
making all this big noise
[Music]